Integration with Diputacion Granada census (#2)
CodiTramuntana/decidim-dipgra-app: decidim-digra_census_authorization/README.md

# Decidim::DigraCensusAuthorization

> A decidim package to provice user authorizations agains the Diputación of Granada census API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A decidim package to provide user authorizations against the Diputación of Granada census API
```

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'decidim-digra_census_authorization'
```

And then execute:

```bash
bundle install
```

## Configuration

Once installed, the following env variables can be configured:

- **DIGRA_CENSUS_URL**: URL to the DIGRA census web service
- **DIGRA_CENSUS_PUBLIC_KEY**: Public Key used in the DIGRA web service authentication
- **DIGRA_CENSUS_USERNAME**: Username for DIGRA web service authentication

> - **DIGRA_CENSUS_PASSWORD**: Password for DIGRA web service authentication

Reviewer: Can we use "dipgra" everywhere possible instead of "digra" please?
